docs: separate tutorials from how-to guides (#1027)
BitGo/api-ts: website/docs/tutorial-basics/render-an-open-api-spec.md

sidebar_position: 4
---

# Render an OpenAPI Specification

> Learn how to generate OpenAPI specifications from `io-ts-http` API definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to generate OpenAPI specifications from an `io-ts-http` API specification.
```

An `io-ts-http` specification contains a superset of an [OpenAPI] specification.
`api-ts` provides `@api-ts/openapi-generator` to produce an OpenAPI specification from
an `io-ts-http` API specification. This enables integration with the existing OpenAPI
ecosystem to generate HTTP clients for languages other than TypeScript. These clients
won't be as ergonomic or type-safe as an `api-ts` HTTP client.

[openapi]: https://www.openapis.org/

> ## Working with `openapi-generator`

Reviewer: Prefer the source text, present tense, active voice, minimalism

> As in previous steps, first edit the `package.json` file to add new dependencies

Reviewer: Prefer the source text, present tense, active voice, minimalism, 2nd person rule
